I got a gate
It is the 7th Japan dirt derby grade one that I almost touched.
It is an advance battle, but it is the 9th main plate to go up first in the meantime
Bambang Pride Kim fourth muzzle from the 13th Agnes is a serious house up from outside Me
Decorate the blast fleet four animals directly below
2 Umami is follow directly is God in it most Don cool from behind me middle kane hekili No. 5
It is the 11th Emori rare
Yamama body difference group to spring and autumn No. 4
Much wet Ford further 3 Umami is without soiling No. 6 Co-Prosperity
The key battle further than the fifth battle and the second horse from the second Scottsdale from now the stock enters one corner
Mass 12 Bancha Dongfeng further 1 Umami served with made van Blanc Commander hall No. 8 Dancing Favorite
is
1 from the top of the corner the hall is 178 horses and is in front of the corner card in battle 3 during battle
Version s teenage colors from one horse and a half
It is toward the front from fourth muzzle blast 2 corner in second place Photo 9 th er Pueｰand third bottom
In addition 1 Umami difference Le third Pride Tim interrupted gold princess 4 series
After the body half live best Don flying 1 Umami difference and the most Kongoriki officer if another fairly between open underneath
8 Horses 14 Bonneville Records from God
7th Brown commander to go up from the 2nd in the 12th in the Middle East style
It is a further 1 Umami difference 60,000 strong er Pegasus No. 5 Centrair tiki
Effective up with the cut with a sword out of Me with is additionally run eighth Dancing skiing in 1 Umami difference raw sugar
Say of the sixth education is indeed edition Scottsdale
To the road 800 Pass 3rd corner curve Ahead of No. 13 Agnes Jedi color 1 horsetail
Enter the third corner
Second place 1 Umami and fourth of said moving from the outside Me to muzzle blast just the 10th Kanefuti
Going up to 600 labels of passing from the most Don hood 1 Umami difference and stop number 11 Deva King
Medium also combat early corner curve today with neem solidified state seems
Capture the subject of Abe No. 3 and control the bullet at the top of the Kanehihi longitudinal Kanehikari straight line control
Lead come the most Donpura up with was the most don wind is in second place, which took 1 Umami
Listen to the pride and oblige
Or Mi plate is tenacious, but has entered into a solitary run fanet 3 in a nice battle
I cut 100 to the lead of my body 5th 6 plate It is the same because it is getting more and more
Empty only records
10 units near the battle without ad took advantage of the internal from the gold low 3 Umami 4 Umami 2nd hand main plate
is
Fighting is Kanehi Kiri Gold Piri t 1 Stopped Road
Is referred to as the third fastest et al solidified charge of second place Date plate after the